#1
Move the first letter of each word to the end of it, then add "ay" to the end of the word. Leave punctuation marks untouched.
pig_it('Pig latin is cool') # igPay atinlay siay oolcay
pig_it('Hello world !')     # elloHay orldway !
#2
factorial
#3
A natural number N is given. Print all its digits one by one, in the usual order (and then in reverse), separating them with spaces or new lines. For example: 179 => 1 7 9; 179 => 9 7 1
#4
Write a method (or function, depending on the language) that converts a string to camelCase, that is, all words must have their first letter capitalized and spaces must be removed.
Examples (input --> output):
"hello case" --> "HelloCase"
"camel case word" --> "CamelCaseWord"
#5
Define a function that takes an integer argument and returns a logical value true 
or false depending on if the integer is a prime.

Per Wikipedia, a prime number ( or a prime ) is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself.
#6
Digital root is the recursive sum of all the digits in a number.

Given n, take the sum of the digits of n. If that value has more than one digit,
 continue reducing in this way until a single-digit number is produced.
The input will be a non-negative integer.

#7
John has invited some friends. His list is:

s = "Fred:Corwill;Wilfred:Corwill;Barney:Tornbull;Betty:Tornbull;Bjon:Tornbull;Raphael:Corwill;Alfred:Corwill";
Could you make a program that

makes this string uppercase
gives it sorted in alphabetical order by last name.
When the last names are the same, sort them by first name. Last name and first name of a guest come in the result between parentheses separated by a comma.

So the result of function meeting(s) will be:

"(CORWILL, ALFRED)(CORWILL, FRED)(CORWILL, RAPHAEL)(CORWILL, WILFRED)(TORNBULL, BARNEY)(TORNBULL, BETTY)(TORNBULL, BJON)"
It can happen that in two distinct families with the same family name two people have the same first name too.

Notes
You can see another examples in the "Sample tests".

#8 keep











